SUMMARY:

In this chapter, I learnt the ins and outs of Python string objects.
I learnt how to accesss different characters in a string using indices
and slices as well as how to determine the length of a string with len().

Strings come with numerous methods. The .upper() and .lower() methods 
convert all characters of a string to uppercase and lowercase, respectively.
The .rstrip(), .lstrip(), and .strip() methods remove whitespace from strings,
and the .startswith() and .endswith() methods tell you if a string starts
or ends with a given substring. 

I also saw how to capture input from a user as a string using the input() function,
and how to convert that input to a number using int() and float(). To convert
numbers to strings, str() must be used. 

Finally, I saw how to use the .find() and .replace() methods to find the location of
a substring and replace a substring with a new string. 

QUIZ:

1) Type three examples of statements that contain valid Python string literals:

string = 'Hello, world.'
string = "We're #1!"
string = "1234"

2) What's the value of x after this code snippet executes?: x = "Real" + "Python"

'RealPython'  - (Note the single quotation marks. This is a string)

3) What's the value of x after this code snippet executes?: x = 1234 + 5

1239 - (Note the lack of quitation marks. Both operands in the addition are numbers or int objects. 
        Therefore the result is also a number.)

4) Create a string literal with the following text: Spock said, "Live long and prosper."
    Assign the string to a variable named vulcan_logic.

vulcan_logic = 'Spock said, "Live long and prosper."'

The string could also be written like this:

vulcan_logic = "Spock said, \"Live long and prosper.\""

5) Joining two strings with the + operator is called...

String concatenation.

6) What's the value of x after this code snippet executes?: x = "1234" + 5

Trick question - This fails with a TypeError.

7) Suppose the following strings are defined:

topping1 = "Peanut Butter"
topping2 = "Jelly"

Use string concatenation to create the string "Peanut Butter & Jelly" that is assigned to a variable
named sandwich.

sandwich = topping1 + " & " + topping2
