The reason why the result of:

>>> 0.1 + 0.2

is 0.3000000000000000004, is because a floating-point representation error, and has nothing to do with Python.
It is related to the way floating-point numbers are stored in a computer's memory.

The number 0.1 can be represented as the fraction 1/10. Both the number 0.1 and its fraction 1/10 are decimal 
representations, or base-10 representations. Computers, however, store floating-point numbers in base-2 representation,
more commonly called binary representation. 

When presented in binary, something familiar happens to the decimal number 0.1. The fraction 1/3 has no finite decimal
representation. The same happens to the fraction 1/10 in binary.

Computers have finite memory, so the number 0.1 must be stored as an approximation and not as its true value. The 
approximation that gets stored is slightly higher.

When Python is asked to print 0.1, it prints 0.1.

>>> 0.1
0.1

Python doesn't just shop off the digits in the binary representation for 0.1. What actually happens is a little more
subtle.

Because the approximation of 0,1 in binary is just that -an approximation- it is entirely possible that more than one
decimal number has the same binary approximation. 

For example, both 0.1 and 0.10000000000000000001 have the same binary approximation. Python prints out the shortest
decimal number that shares the approximation. 

This explains why, in the first example of this section, 0.1 + 0.2 does not equal 0.3. Python adds together the binary
approximation for 0.1 and 0.2, which gives a number that is not the binary approximation for 0.3.
